it's getting in midday couldn't decide
what to do today and so I thought I
would write a lot of different things
fold them up put them in there and that
fate is like what I'm going to do and so
I've got loads of things like some
boring i do washing up computer sets
moving the mums computer desk go for run
and see buy something from the bike shop
go to corfe castle and do the film from
the top I get promised clean buying do a
monkey vlog just right to know that Greg
for ride and do it in throw for the
videos so because I can't mean to be
wonderful a be quite fun but really
something on the monkey bike there as
well clean car yeah not so much fun show
you some love huge you're a bitch okay
that'll done okay watch a DVD and loan
that's basic refinance alone now I won't
bore you with things and that's what we
got film random animals at pet shop ok
is a random one sell things I've got
some things I mean to sell take things
down to the dump yeah some of them are
find some of the boring gardening you
know anyways I'm going to fold them up
and then pick one out yeah we're getting
getting a really good mixer
see what we get washing up joy okay
washing up is done so what's next clean
bike
you
okay so what's next film random animals
at pet shop hmm okay
ok is all day
nothing
I think nothing
well very safety conscious of me left
the key in mmm hold on that's just
bizarre pets at home but apparently they
found homes for all their pets because
this not one living thing apart from
human beings and maybe they'll fly I saw
in the store what do i classify that as
a fail oh yeah I don't know what to say
that's just up yeah yeah let me
explain why I add the random film pets
one on there is that I don't know if
you've noticed but like if you get some
stupid 10-20 second clipper nothing
funny or a cat or whatever you guys like
about 10 billion views that one boy I
thought I'd do just to like a forest and
hits take thing of just fluffy bunnies
and cat so anyway so that that's why
that was on there but just wanted to pet
shop with no pets
oh they're useless anyway so I need you
to I'm done just going to come out what
it's done and so I need to pull another
one out the Hat and but what I did
notice is on the way down there's a bike
shop just out here this open on Sunday
so I'll just nip in there and a quick
look see if there's any good things on
the sium
and there we go it was that far away and
sale rack fantastic
yes nobody
I mistake what K out this time
I want to see row your boat we set on
the q2 they are 3 5 9 9 9 35 36 year Wow
okay that's a little little steep on
that one okay Cheers they settled on me
huh really yeah okay well they seem to
be stitching you up then because you can
get them a lot lot cheaper than 35 q2
yeah cutie multisets online quite easy
around 250 if you want to be imported
from America about 150 obviously no get
on the internet of a look I was looking
the other night trust me have a look
why would he believe me still yes I'm
not wrong it's certainly not gonna buy
anything from there seems extortion
oh yeah well I've decided not to give up
on the pet thing just yet I'm not taking
now to fail I'm just not I'm gonna go
find another random pet shop somewhere
little fluffy beside it
he's cool somebody I'm not me Batgirl
Oh 129 pounds